Furguson TX range gives you in my
opinion the best picture of all time on
push-button super sharp teletext on go
anywhere portables and even the new
range of ferguson TX stereo televisions
with super sound for improved listening
pleasure ferguson TX range I'd say they
give the best picture of all time the
best sound alright
from Piatt lips at the the French a
develop yet though you eat such Rice
Krispies I does ice krispies make your
brain I know where do you get your
brains from then me dad does he eat rice
krispies I well do you think advise my
fried fish because I'll get ruined me
no there's no harm in trying Kellogg's
Rice Krispies with vitamins and iron
have you heard how good they are
the new electric cleaners from Black &
Decker became beefeaters get them fast
fryer or oven ready many chips of
business Egyptians denies some grocery
prices are done one minute but up the
next but not a quick save every day
every week every price is a cut-price
all the time and that's on top names too
because a quick save they only stop the
top brands at low low prices
not yoyo prices every